Amazon.com Wishlist => Huge River Wishlist
Published on June 28, 2007.
So I got a message from Amazon.com about my facebook app called “Amazon.com Wishlist.”
Basically, Amazon doesn’t want me to describe my Amazon.com wishlist using the word Amazon… I asked if an exception could be made but the lawyer politely declined.
I can understand Amazon’s reasons for wanting to protect its name, but seriously, I can’t use “Amazon” to describe an app that displays an AMAZON.COM Wishlist!?
So I renamed the app “ Huge River Wish List .”
I think Amazon.com is developing a wishlist app for Facebook of their own, which is the real reason for forcing the name change.
It’s the risk that one takes when developing using an API, though.
I guess I should’ve read the terms more closely.
It’s completely within Amazon’s rights to request that I change them app’s name.
It’s also completely in my rights to develop an app for a competitor to Amazon.com. Hmmm…